Allow loading `<font>` tag styling (#8975)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-font/docs/features/font.md

	We recommend using the official {@link framework/guides/development-tools#ckeditor-5-inspector CKEditor 5 inspector} for development and debugging. It will give you tons of useful information about the state of the editor such as internal data structures, selection, commands, and many more.
</info-box>

## Content compatibility

> The {@link module:font/font~Font} plugin provides basic support for deprecated `<font>` tag styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link module:font/font~Font} plugin provides basic support for the deprecated `<font>` tag.
```

> While `<font color>` is always supported, to use `<font face>` and `<font size>` you need to enable {@link module:font/fontfamily~FontFamilyConfig#supportAllValues `config.fontFamily.supportAllValues`} and {@link module:font/fontsize~FontSizeConfig#supportAllValues `config.fontSize.supportAllValues`} options respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `<font color>` is always supported, to use `<font face>` and `<font size>` you need to enable the {@link module:font/fontfamily~FontFamilyConfig#supportAllValues `config.fontFamily.supportAllValues`} and {@link module:font/fontsize~FontSizeConfig#supportAllValues `config.fontSize.supportAllValues`} options respectively.
```

> Text formatted with `<font>` is accepted by the plugin, but the editor always returns the markup in modern format, i.e. one-way transformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text formatted with `<font>` is accepted by the plugin, but the editor always returns the markup in a modern format, so the transformation is one way only.
```

Author: Thanks! That `i.e.` felt weird :)
